hey guys welcome to lingual marina
channel the topic for today's video is
the two versus for when doing is to when
do we use for so before we start across
this video and let me know what's going
on your country and it's a great way for
you to practice your English now let's
talk about two verses for the first
thing that we're gonna do we're gonna
talk about when we use to the first case
when we used to as when we're talking
about a destination I am going to
Germany - Germany at the end of April
I'm going to Munich by the way or there
is another example we are going to a
restaurant tonight to a restaurant this
is a direction I'm not gonna back out of
that I want to go to Spain second case
if we're talking about time and if we're
talking in British English what they
love to say it's a quarter to two which
means 1:45 like Americans well I've
never heard Americans sink water - - or
22 - and whenever it's heard in Great
Britain I was a little confused but they
say that a lot it's quarter to two
Americans would say it's 1:45 squatter
is 15 minutes and there is a second case
of using - with time for example the
restaurant is open from Monday to Friday
so it can kind of replace - with until
and this is another way to use it so for
example the dress is open until 5:00
p.m. or the restaurant is open from 9:00
a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and this is when we
use - but I do Monday Wednesday Friday
from 7:00 to 9:00 when we compare
something I prefer traveling - sitting
at home
I prefer sleeping - working I prefer
watching marinos videos - studying by
myself I prefer metaphysics to theology
the next type of use is when we're
talking about a receiver of an action I
gave
my book to my follower I send a letter
to my friend I wrote an email to my
colleague and the last but not the least
when you want to express a reason for
your action for example I came here to
see you I did it to make more money I've
started learning English to get a job
promotion so we're explaining why we've
started doing something and this is what
we used to it came to see you now let's
move on to talking about for you see
what I've just used let's move on to
talking because what it is this is our
direction we're moving to the next
section of our class we're talking about
for now when we talk about benefits we
use for so for example you're doing
something for your health or for the
benefit of your parent I bought a gift
for my friend I stopped eating gluten
for the benefit of my health might even
be good for my health for also indicates
periods of times I've been living in the
US for four years I've been learning
English for several months now I've been
watching lingual marina channel for over
two years and I love her content she's
amazing she's the best influencer out
there
oh you up being modest also when we talk
about schedule we use for I made an
appointment with my doctor for March
13th March 13th is my birthday I'd
rather reschedule it for March 14th your
flight is scheduled for May 31st again
we're talking about schedule a hearing
is scheduled for today we also use for
to express a reason he was fired from
job for being constantly late has been
late so many times and he's been fired
for that or she's been promoted for her
good English cuz her English reached a
certain level and she qualified for a
promotion and also use for to express a
purpose of something marina creams
videos for improving your English you
watch my videos for improving
your language travel a lot for work so
by the way if you ask native speakers
like I always like to ask them about
different grammatical rules I would ask
them like do you know when to use four
and two and they will be like yeah
because they just use them naturally
they don't sit down and be like oh my
God where to use to where areas for they
just feel the language and the best way
to live a language to understand it
better is to listen to audio books or
read books in English and I'm super
proud to talk about plinkus in this
video they're sponsoring this video and
they're also an amazing app that I have
subscribed to so blink it takes a huge
book and it takes the best insights out
of this book and create like a 15 minute
paragraph that you can read or listen to
and I know there are so many books out
there that you want to read but with
blinken's you can just go through them
all with this 15 minute abstract and get
the most important information that you
need and practice your English blankest
has a lot of books but the one book that
I would highly highly recommend you to
read is the subtle art of not giving an
F uck I'm gonna say this word out loud
but this book helps you change your way
of thinking it helps you relax and focus
on things that really matter like your
English and as always because you're
watching this channel you are privileged
and the first 100 people who click a
link below are gonna get a free one-week
trial of blinkers that means that you
can get the most important things from
the book that I've just recommended for
free if you decide to continue and get
their membership you're also gonna get
25% off so in order to practice more in
order to integrate English into your
life start reading and listening to
audiobooks in English the link is below
one week completely free so don't
hesitate to start right now because only
100 people will get a free trial there
are also cases when two and four can be
both used well let's talk about some
examples so I can illustrate this better
let's compare two examples he's studying
English for work he is studying English
to be able to talk to his American
friends so what we notice here is that
we use for with a noun
he learns English for fun he learns
English will work he learns English for
his master's degree but when we have a
verb we say - he learns English to talk
to his friends in the u.s. he learns
English to get a job promotion he learns
English to study abroad see the
difference now let's move on to another
example when both 2 and 4 can be used my
friend brought lunch to me my friend
brought lunch for me now both are
correct but they have slightly different
meanings my friend brought lunch to me
we're talking about direction
he brought lunch to my apartment put it
on my table and I started eating but
when we say my friend bought lunch for
me we really want to emphasize that he's
doing something nice for me he thought
about me when he was getting lunch so he
got one for me
I apologize can be used with both 2 and
4 because you apologize for something
for something that you've done
I apologize for breaking your cup I
apologize for this video being too short
but you apologize to someone I apologize
to you for this video being too short I
apologize to my friend for forgetting
about her birthday I apologize for the
language apologize to you travel to and
travel for I travel to Russia I traveled
to Paris I traveled to Germany but I
travel for work I travel to Russia for
lingua Fest which is a festival by my
company I traveled to Germany for
meetings you see so for is for the
reason - is for the destination because
you must travel to France immediately
and put that directly into the hands of
the king him alone then from travel to
work
families wait for or wait to wait for
someone or something I'm waiting for the
concert tonight
I am waiting for my dad to come and
visit us in California but you wait to
do something I cannot wait to see my
family in Russia or I cannot wait to
travel the summer
I cannot wait to show you this we use
ask we normally use for ask for
something can I ask you for a cup of tea
please can I ask you for a favor don't
ask for permission ask for forgiveness
when we talk about belonging we normally
say - it belongs to me it belongs to you
and never belong for so don't say that
she belong to me when we say care we
care for somebody I care for my dog I
care for Alex I care for my family
you care for him and the last but not
the least when we're saying prepare
we'll always say prepare for something I
will need to prepare for the festival
that was it for me guys if this was
useful if this was fun please hit the
like button and subscribe to this
channel and I'm looking for it to
reading your comments about this video
whether it was useful or not thank you
so much and I will see you in the next
videos bye